Allowing users to change the data dir (#134)
thousandbrainsproject/tbp.monty: docs/how-to-use-monty/getting-started.md

This path should point to the `pretrained_models` folder that contains the`pretrained_ycb_v9`folders.

### MONTY_DATA

If you did not save the data (e.g., YCB objects) in the `~/tbp/data` folder, you will need to set the **MONTY_DATA** environment variable.

```shell
export MONTY_DATA=/path/to/your/data/dir
```

> This path should point to the `data` folder that contains the `habitat` folders in the case of YCB objects.

Reviewer: This is nice documentation, might be worth changing the example above to

```
export MONTY_DATA=/path/to/your/data
```

to more closely reflect the fact that the directory should end with `/data`

Author: Thanks Niels, I've updated the PR.

> This path should point to the `data` folder that contains the `habitat` folders in the case of YCB objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This path should point to the `data` folder, which contains data used for your experiments. Examples of data stored in this folder are the `habitat` folder containing YCB objects, the `worldimages` folder containing camera images for the 'Monty Meets Worlds' experiments, and the `omniglot' folder containing the Omniglot dataset.
```

Author: Great, thanks! I agree about keeping `~/tbp` internally. Documentation fixed.
